Update heap-snapshot-schema.md (#2519)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/memory-problems/heap-snapshot-schema.md

| `trace_function_infos` | _Not documented yet_ | `Array` |
| `trace_tree` | _Not documented yet_ | `Array` |
| `samples` | _Not documented yet_ | `Array` |

> | `locations` | Contains information about the location of nodes. To parse this data, use `snapshot.meta.location_fields` with the `nodes` array. | `Array` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `locations` | Contains information about the script location of nodes. To parse this data, use `snapshot.meta.location_fields` with the `nodes` array. | `Array` |
```

The word "location" could mean different things in different contexts. If I'm understanding this right, it's where a node was created in JavaScript, right? If so, then my suggestion might help.

| Shortcut | An easier-to-read representation of some other path. This type is rarely used. For example, if you use `Function.prototype.bind` to create a bound function with some bound arguments, V8 creates a `JSBoundFunction`, which points to a `FixedArray` (an internal type), which points to each bound argument. When producing a snapshot, V8 adds a shortcut edge from the bound function directly to each bound argument, bypassing the `FixedArray`. |
| Element | Object properties where the key is a number. |

#### locations

> The `locations` array, which is at the top level of the `.heapsnapshot` data, contains information about the location of HeapSnapshot nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `locations` array, which is at the top level of the `.heapsnapshot` data, contains information about the location of `HeapSnapshot` nodes.
```
Research notes:

is "HeapSnapshot" a real thing?  Not able to confirm.  FTS in rendered page 
https://github.com/christyycchen/edge-developer/blob/patch-1/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/memory-problems/heap-snapshot-schema.md
finds:   
.heapsnapshot   16x
heap snapshot    12x
heapsnapshot  18x  therefore two are not .heapsnapshot, they are:  the present "HeapSnapshot" and "the HeapSnapshotGenerator class in heap-snapshot-generator.h." which is tagged to link to: 
https://chromium.googlesource.com/external/v8/+/master/src/heap-snapshot-generator.h#142
which raises question is there really such a class as HeapSnapshotGenerator?  Line 142 that the link scrolls to, is NOT HeapSnapshotGenerator, but rather, is just HeapSnapshot.  

Link text should accurately represent where you end up.  The link text says HeapSnapshotGenerator, yet actually goes to HeapSnapshot - confusing/disorienting.  HeapSnapshotGenerator is line 522, not 142.   So the .md has an error: link text says HeapSnapshotGenerator, yet link goes to line 142, which is HeapSnapshot class, not HeapSnapshotGenerator.  Recommend tagging both links:

142 = class HeapSnapshot
522 = class HeapSnapshotGenerator

I might tag this up in VS Code and then enter a Comment to implement.

To use this array, the following information is needed:

* `snapshot.meta.location_fields`, to know how many fields each location group has.
* `snapshot.nodes`, to link a location group back to a node.

The current `snapshot.meta.location_fields` has the information for each location group:

> | Index in location_fields | Name | Description |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Index in `location_fields` | Name | Description |
```
assuming this produces clear consistent result in rendered article

gh rendered section:
https://github.com/christyycchen/edge-developer/blob/patch-1/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/memory-problems/heap-snapshot-schema.md#locations

| --- | --- | --- |
| `0` | `object_index` | The index of the associated node in `snapshot.nodes` array. |
| `1` | `script_id` | The id of the script that creates the node which `object_index` is pointing to. |
| `2` | `line` | The line number in the script of the node creation. |
| `3` | `column` | The column number in the script of the node creation. |

> The following code example shows how to link the `snapshot.locations` Array to `snapshot.nodes` Array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code example shows how to link the `snapshot.locations` array to the `snapshot.nodes` array.
```
if we write capital A "Array", it would probably need backticks as code/type.  Unless special convention in this article.  Need to scope out the rendered page decide style.  Lowercase should work perfectly clearly.  Options:

The following code example shows how to link the `snapshot.locations` array to the `snapshot.nodes` array.

The following code example shows how to link the `snapshot.locations` `Array` to the `snapshot.nodes` `Array`.

> The following code example shows how to link the `snapshot.locations` array to the `snapshot.nodes` array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code example shows how to link the `snapshot.locations` array to the `snapshot.nodes` array:
```
i like to use colons to glue the flow as lead-ins to code or images in most cases, as done at least in one spot below

```json
{
    "snapshot": {
        "meta": {
            "location_fields": [
                "object_index",
                "script_id",
                "line",
                "column"
            ]
            ...
        }
        ...
    },
    "nodes": [
        9,1,1,0,10,0,0,
        2,1,79,12,1,0,0,
        ...
    ],
    "locations":[
        7,9,0,0,
        113792,3,25,21,
        ...
    ],
    ...
}
```

> The fisrt location group in the `locations` array `7,9,0,0,` is associated with the node info group started at index 7 in the `nodes` array. Therefore, the node has these info: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The fisrt location group in the `locations` array `7,9,0,0,` is associated with the node info group that starts at index 7 in the `nodes` array. Therefore, the node contains the following key/value pairs:
```
"info" might be good if that's the language used in the article/tech.

```
"type": 2,
"name": 1,
"id": 79,
"self_size": 12,
"edge_count": 1,
"trace_node_id": 0,
"detachedness": 0,
"script_id": 9,
"line" 0,
"column": 0,
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## See also

Reviewer 2: ```
To learn more about the `.heapsnapshot` file format, see the code that generates the file, which is the `HeapSnapshotGenerator` class in `heap-snapshot-generator.h`.
*  [HeapSnapshot class (line 142)](https://chromium.googlesource.com/external/v8/+/master/src/heap-snapshot-generator.h#142)
*  [HeapSnapshotGenerator class (line 522)](https://chromium.googlesource.com/external/v8/+/master/src/heap-snapshot-generator.h#522)
```
Provide both links, consistently differentiated, instead of mixing the line # for one class with the link text for the other class.

Author: Agreed. Updated the links.

Reviewer 2: this comment has been implemented so can be closed

| Shortcut | An easier-to-read representation of some other path. This type is rarely used. For example, if you use `Function.prototype.bind` to create a bound function with some bound arguments, V8 creates a `JSBoundFunction`, which points to a `FixedArray` (an internal type), which points to each bound argument. When producing a snapshot, V8 adds a shortcut edge from the bound function directly to each bound argument, bypassing the `FixedArray`. |
| Element | Object properties where the key is a number. |

#### locations

The `locations` array, which is at the top level of the `.heapsnapshot` data, contains information about the location of `HeapSnapshot` nodes.

To use this array, the following information is needed:

* `snapshot.meta.location_fields`, to know how many fields each location group has.
* `snapshot.nodes`, to link a location group back to a node.

> The current `snapshot.meta.location_fields` has the information for each location group:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The current `snapshot.meta.location_fields` has the information for each location group:

```
AFAIK a blank line is standard above a Markdown table, could be risky/delicate omitting it.  Can't confirm at
https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#tables
b/c common problem: no context shown.

| Index in `location_fields` | Name | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `0` | `object_index` | The index of the associated node in `snapshot.nodes` array. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `0` | `object_index` | The index of the associated node in the `snapshot.nodes` array. |
```

> | `1` | `script_id` | The id of the script that creates the node which `object_index` is pointing to. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `1` | `script_id` | The ID of the script that creates the node which `object_index` is pointing to. |
```
https://www.ahdictionary.com/word/search.html?q=id

> | `2` | `line` | The line number in the script of the node creation. |

Reviewer 2: "The line number in the script of the node creation."  Needs clarification.  @captainbrosset   same w/ next cell below.

Author: Yeah I'm not sure how to better explain this. Basically the node that object_index is pointing to is created in script x at line y column z. @captainbrosset please help me putting those in better sentences. :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `2` | `line` | The line number where the node was created, within the script that created the node. |
```

Not a fan of the "created the node" repetition here, but I fear that we need it to ensure people get what we mean.

| `3` | `column` | The column number in the script of the node creation. |

The following code example shows how to link the `snapshot.locations` array to the `snapshot.nodes` array:

```json
{
    "snapshot": {
        "meta": {
            "location_fields": [
                "object_index",
                "script_id",
                "line",
                "column"
            ]
            ...
        }
        ...
    },
    "nodes": [
        9,1,1,0,10,0,0,
        2,1,79,12,1,0,0,
        ...
    ],
    "locations":[
        7,9,0,0,
        113792,3,25,21,
        ...
    ],
    ...
}
```

> The first location group in the `locations` array `7,9,0,0,` is associated with the node info group that starts at index 7 in the `nodes` array. Therefore, the node contains the following key/value pairs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first location group in the `locations` array is `7,9,0,0,`. This location group is associated with the node info group that starts at index 7 in the `nodes` array. Therefore, the node contains the following key/value pairs:
```
i found it confusing/ambiguous whether 7900 is name of array, it could mis-parsed as:

the locations array named 7900 is associated with...

Two short sentences seems to be working well to clarify.

* `snapshot.meta.location_fields`, to know how many fields each location group has.
* `snapshot.nodes`, to link a location group back to a node.

`snapshot.meta.location_fields` contains the information for each location group:

| Index in `location_fields` | Name | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `0` | `object_index` | The index of the associated node in the `snapshot.nodes` array. |
| `1` | `script_id` | The ID of the script that creates the node which `object_index` is pointing to. |
| `2` | `line` | The line number in the script of the node creation. |
| `3` | `column` | The column number in the script of the node creation. |

The following code example shows how to link the `snapshot.locations` array to the `snapshot.nodes` array:

```json
{
    "snapshot": {
        "meta": {
            "location_fields": [
                "object_index",
                "script_id",
                "line",
                "column"
            ]
            ...
        }
        ...
    },
    "nodes": [
        9,1,1,0,10,0,0,
        2,1,79,12,1,0,0,
        ...
    ],
    "locations":[
        7,9,0,0,
        113792,3,25,21,
        ...
    ],
    ...
}
```

> The first location group in the `locations` array is `7,9,0,0,`. This location group is associated with the node info group that starts at index 7 in the `nodes` array. Therefore, the node contains the following key/value pairs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first location group in the `locations` array is `7,9,0,0,`. This location group is associated with the node info group that starts at index 7 in the `nodes` array. Therefore, the node contains the following key/value pairs:

```
https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks - "We recommend placing a blank line before and after code blocks to make the raw formatting easier to read."  Docs site uses GH-flavored Markdown.  This repo uses blank line above code blocks.

| Shortcut | An easier-to-read representation of some other path. This type is rarely used. For example, if you use `Function.prototype.bind` to create a bound function with some bound arguments, V8 creates a `JSBoundFunction`, which points to a `FixedArray` (an internal type), which points to each bound argument. When producing a snapshot, V8 adds a shortcut edge from the bound function directly to each bound argument, bypassing the `FixedArray`. |
| Element | Object properties where the key is a number. |

#### locations

> The `locations` array, which is at the top level of the `.heapsnapshot` data, contains information about the location of `HeapSnapshot` nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `locations` array, which is at the top level of the `.heapsnapshot` data, contains information about where each node in the snapshot was created.
```

Feel free to change if this is incorrect. This is based on the assumption that location, here, really means where was a node created/instantiated in the JavaScript codebase.

Reviewer 2: the present thread is Outdated, which means the surrounding file is outdated here.  Latest view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2519/files

Reviewer 2: it changed to:
The `locations` array, which is at the top level of the `.heapsnapshot` data, contains information about where some of the nodes in the snapshot were created.

gh rendered:
https://github.com/christyycchen/edge-developer/blob/patch-1/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/memory-problems/heap-snapshot-schema.md#locations

Reviewer 2: @christyycchen @captainbrosset This comment can be Resolved.

> To use this array, the following information is needed:

Reviewer: Before going into this, I think we miss a sentence that explains that the locations array is (like the nodes array) a continuous list of numbers which is meant to be read in groups of 4 (or, really, in groups of `location_fields.length` to be safe). 
The example you added later shows this very well, but I think we need to quickly introduce this concept here before.

Maybe something like:

The `locations` array consists of a series of numbers meant to be read by groups of size `snapshot.meta.location_fields.length`.

Author: Good catch, I added it.

> * `snapshot.meta.location_fields`, to know how many fields each location group has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `snapshot.meta.location_fields`, to know how many fields each location in the `locations` array has, and what those fields are. For example, if `location_fields` contains 4 items, then the `locations` array should be read by groups of 4.
```

Does that make sense?

> * `snapshot.nodes`, to link a location group back to a node.

Reviewer: I think  we might almost be able to remove this line. The link to the `nodes` array should be quite obvious with the table you added after.
I think this section would flow better if you removed this, and removed the bulleted list (since there would be only one item in it now).

Author: Agreed

`snapshot.meta.location_fields` contains the information for each location group:

| Index in `location_fields` | Name | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `0` | `object_index` | The index of the associated node in the `snapshot.nodes` array. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `0` | `object_index` | The index of the node in the `snapshot.nodes` array that's associated with this location. |
```

> | `1` | `script_id` | The ID of the script that creates the node which `object_index` is pointing to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `1` | `script_id` | The ID of the script that creates the associated node. |
```

| `2` | `line` | The line number in the script of the node creation. |

> | `3` | `column` | The column number in the script of the node creation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `3` | `column` | The column number where the node was created, within the script that created the node. |
```

The following code example shows how to link the `snapshot.locations` array to the `snapshot.nodes` array:

```json
{
    "snapshot": {
        "meta": {
            "location_fields": [
                "object_index",
                "script_id",
                "line",
                "column"
            ]
            ...
        }
        ...
    },
    "nodes": [
        9,1,1,0,10,0,0,
        2,1,79,12,1,0,0,
        ...
    ],
    "locations":[
        7,9,0,0,
        113792,3,25,21,
        ...
    ],
    ...
}
```

> The first location group in the `locations` array is `7,9,0,0,`. This location group is associated with the node info group that starts at index 7 in the `nodes` array. Therefore, the node contains the following key/value pairs:

Reviewer: I would refrain from using "location group". Maybe just "location" instead.
It's true that users need to read the array in groups of 4, but location group almost makes me think that the array contains a list of group objects, which it doesn't.
